ARROW-15352: [Doc][Guide] R package and make clean (#12401)
apache/arrow: docs/source/developers/guide/step_by_step/building.rst

     `R developer docs <https://arrow.apache.org/docs/r/articles/developing.html>`_.

     **Reinstalling R package and running 'make clean'**

>      When you will make changes to the Arrow C++ part of the code, also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If you make changes to the Arrow C++ part of the code, also
```

     called libarrow, you will need to:

     #. reinstall libarrow

>      #. run ``make clean`` or ``git clean -fdx .``

Reviewer: ``make clean`` and ``git clean -fdx .`` do totally different things to each other so I don't think the phrasing is quite right here. I've never run ``git clean -fdx .`` while doing dev work (it could be useful, but isn't essential given I just had to google what it was)

     #. reinstall the R package.

>      The ``make clean`` function is defined in ``r/Makefile``. The file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The ``make clean`` function is defined in ``r/Makefile``. This file
```

     common tasks from the command line (e.g. ``make test``, ``make doc``,

>      ``make clean``, etc.).

Reviewer: I might rephrase this, as on a first read I misread it as meaning that `make clean` runs `make test` etc

     `R developer docs <https://arrow.apache.org/docs/r/articles/developing.html>`_.

     **Reinstalling R package and running 'make clean'**

     If you make changes to the Arrow C++ part of the code, also
     called libarrow, you will need to:

     #. reinstall libarrow,
     #. run ``make clean``,
     #. reinstall the R package.

     The ``make clean`` function is defined in ``r/Makefile`` and will

>      remove any cached object code in the ``r/src/`` directory, insuring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     remove any cached object code in the ``r/src/`` directory, ensuring
```
